1. Events: As the name suggests, we are able to publish or emit events from our contract.
There is a separate way to listen to events, which I will include when I understand it better.

2. External vs Public: External is used outside the contract while public is used both inside and
outside the contract. Maybe this is why external is more gas efficient than public.

3. For some weird reason, maybe not so weird, generating a random number is incredibly difficult on
the blockchain. We have to sign up for VRF chain link and pay for it. Then in the code, we need to
connect to the subscription AND tell the subscription about the contract.

    a. You would need to install the chainlink brownie contract package
        forge install smartcontractkit/chainlink-brownie-contracts --no-commit

4. To start a new project, forge init

5. When inheriting a contract that has a constructor, you need to "inherit" the constructor as well because you need
    to initialize the parent contract.

6. The design pattern, CEI, which stands for Checks, Effects, Interactions is important to understand.
   As the name suggests, it is a way to organize flows where you do your checks ( reverts and conditionals )
   before you do your effects ( state variable changes and emitting events ) and then you do your interactions
   ( external calls ). It helps save gas and is the standard currently.

7. For VRF coordinator, go https://docs.chain.link/vrf/v2-5/supported-networks to get the supported networks.
   This is where you will get the key hash and address for the network you want to work with.

8. To run a test in verbose mode, use the following command:
    forge test --match-test {{Name of Test}} -vvvv

9. When trying to test emit events, you will see a syntax that looks like:
    wm.expectEmit(true,false,false,false,address(raffle)).
    true: first arg is true because the first param in the event is indexed
    false: second arg is false because the second param in the event is not indexed ( or no second param)
    false: third arg is false because the third param in the event is not indexed ( or no third param)
    false: fourth arg is false because there is non indexed param in the event
    address(raffle): the address of the contract that is emitting the event

10. To create a subscription and a consumer on chainlink, you need to create an account on this website:
    https://vrf.chain.link/
